Code Book for Getting and Cleaning Data Course Project Code
File Name: run_analysis.R

Column Name = SubjectID
Contains = ID number of the subject involved in the test

Column Name = ActivityID
Contains = The name of the activity performed during the test

Column Name Description = The Mean of the Body Acceleration Time
time-BodyAcceleration-Mean-X  
time-BodyAcceleration-Mean-Y
time-BodyAcceleration-Mean-Z

Column Name Description = The Mean of the Gravity Acceleration Time
time-GravityAcceleration-Mean-X
time-GravityAcceleration-Mean-Y
time-GravityAcceleration-Mean-Z

Column Name Description = The Mean of the Body Acceleration Jerk Time
time-BodyAccelerationJerk-Mean-X
time-BodyAccelerationJerk-Mean-Y
time-BodyAccelerationJerk-Mean-Z

Column Name Description = The Mean of the Body Gyroscope Time
time-BodyGyroscope-Mean-X
time-BodyGyroscope-Mean-Y
time-BodyGyroscope-Mean-Z

Column Name Description = The Mean of the Body Gyroscope Jerk Time
time-BodyGyroscopeJerk-Mean-X
time-BodyGyroscopeJerk-Mean-Y
time-BodyGyroscopeJerk-Mean-Z

Column Name Description = The Mean of the Body Acceleration Magnitude Time
time-BodyAccelerationMagnitude-Mean

Column Name Description = The Mean of the Gravity Acceleration Magnitude Time
time-GravityAccelerationMagnitude-Mean

Column Name Description = The Mean of the Body Acceleration Jerk Magnitude Time
time-BodyAccelerationJerkMagnitude-Mean

Column Name Description = The Mean of the Body Gyroscope Magnitude Time
time-BodyGyroscopeMagnitude-Mean

Column Name Description = The Mean of the Body Gyroscope Jerk Magnitude Time
time-BodyGyroscopeJerkMagnitude-Mean

Column Name Description = The Mean of the Body Acceleration Frequency
freq-BodyAcceleration-Mean-X
freq-BodyAcceleration-Mean-Y
freq-BodyAcceleration-Mean-Z

Column Name Description = The Mean of the Body Acceleration Jerk Frequency
freq-BodyAccelerationJerk-Mean-X
freq-BodyAccelerationJerk-Mean-Y
freq-BodyAccelerationJerk-Mean-Z

Column Name Description = The Mean of the Body Gyroscope Frequency
freq-BodyGyroscope-Mean-X
freq-BodyGyroscope-Mean-Y
freq-BodyGyroscope-Mean-Z

Column Name Description = The Mean of the Body Acceleration Magnitude Frequency
freq-BodyAccelerationMagnitude-Mean

Column Name Description = The Mean of the Body Acceleration Jerk Magnitude Frequency
freq-BodyAccelerationJerkMagnitude-Mean

Column Name Description = The Mean of the Body Gyroscope Magnitude Frequency
freq-BodyGyroscopeMagnitude-Mean

Column Name Description = The Mean of the Body Gyroscope Jerk Magnitude Frequency
freq-BodyGyroscopeJerkMagnitude-Mean

Column Name Description = The StdDev of the  Body Acceleration Time
time-BodyAcceleration-StdDev-X
time-BodyAcceleration-StdDev-Y
time-BodyAcceleration-StdDev-Z

Column Name Description = The StdDev of the Gravity Acceleration Time
time-GravityAcceleration-StdDev-X
time-GravityAcceleration-StdDev-Y
time-GravityAcceleration-StdDev-Z

Column Name Description = The StdDev of the Body Acceleration Jerk Time
time-BodyAccelerationJerk-StdDev-X
time-BodyAccelerationJerk-StdDev-Y
time-BodyAccelerationJerk-StdDev-Z

Column Name Description = The StdDev of the Body Gyroscope Time
time-BodyGyroscope-StdDev-X
time-BodyGyroscope-StdDev-Y
time-BodyGyroscope-StdDev-Z

Column Name Description = The StdDev of the Body Gyroscope Jerk Time
time-BodyGyroscopeJerk-StdDev-X
time-BodyGyroscopeJerk-StdDev-Y
time-BodyGyroscopeJerk-StdDev-Z

Column Name Description = The StdDev of the Body Acceleration Magnitude Time
time-BodyAccelerationMagnitude-StdDev

Column Name Description = The StdDev of the Gravity Acceleration Magnitude Time
time-GravityAccelerationMagnitude-StdDev

Column Name Description = The StdDev of the Body Acceleration Jerk Magnitude Time
time-BodyAccelerationJerkMagnitude-StdDev

Column Name Description = The StdDev of the Body Gyroscope Magnitude Time
time-BodyGyroscopeMagnitude-StdDev

Column Name Description = The StdDev of the Body Gyroscope Jerk Magnitude Time
time-BodyGyroscopeJerkMagnitude-StdDev

Column Name Description = The StdDev of the Body Acceleration Frequency
freq-BodyAcceleration-StdDev-X
freq-BodyAcceleration-StdDev-Y
freq-BodyAcceleration-StdDev-Z

Column Name Description = The StdDev of the Body Acceleration Jerk Frequency
freq-BodyAccelerationJerk-StdDev-X
freq-BodyAccelerationJerk-StdDev-Y
freq-BodyAccelerationJerk-StdDev-Z

Column Name Description = The StdDev of the Body Gyroscope Frequency
freq-BodyGyroscope-StdDev-X
freq-BodyGyroscope-StdDev-Y
freq-BodyGyroscope-StdDev-Z

Column Name Description = The StdDev of the Body Acceleration Magnitude Frequency
freq-BodyAccelerationMagnitude-StdDev

Column Name Description = The StdDev of the Body Acceleration Jerk Magnitude Frequency
freq-BodyAccelerationJerkMagnitude-StdDev

Column Name Description = The StdDev of the Body Gyroscope Magnitude Frequency
freq-BodyGyroscopeMagnitude-StdDev

Column Name Description = The StdDev of the Body Gyroscope Jerk Magnitude Frequency
freq-BodyGyroscopeJerkMagnitude-StdDev




















